README.md, before:

# Coding Interviews

![doocs-yanglbme-collabocats](/img/github-doocs-yanglbme-collabocats.png)

## Q & A
### 剑指 Offer 题集
| # | Title |
|---|---|
| 03_01 | [Find Duplication In Array](/solution/03_01_DuplicationInArray) |
| 03_02 | [Find Duplication In Array II](/solution/03_02_DuplicationInArrayNoEdit) |
| 04 | [Find In Partially Sorted Matrix](/solution/04_FindInPartiallySortedMatrix) |
| 05 | [Replace Spaces](/solution/05_ReplaceSpaces) |
| 06 | [Print List In Reversed Order](/solution/06_PrintListInReversedOrder) |
| 07 | [Construct Binary Tree](/solution/07_ConstructBinaryTree) |
| 08 | [Next Node In Binary Trees](/solution/08_NextNodeInBinaryTrees) |
| 09_01 | [Queue With Two Stacks](/solution/09_01_QueueWithTwoStacks) |
| 09_02 | [Stack With Two Queues](/solution/09_02_StackWithTwoQueues) |
| 10_01 | [Fibonacci](/solution/10_01_Fibonacci) |
| 10_02 | [Jump Floor](/solution/10_02_JumpFloor) |
| 10_03 | [Jump Floor II](/solution/10_03_JumpFloorII) |
| 10_04 | [Rect Cover](/solution/10_04_10_04_RectCover) |
| 11 | [Min Number In Rotated Array](h/solution/11_MinNumberInRotatedArray) |
| 12 | [String Path In Matrix](/solution/12_StringPathInMatrix) |
| 13 | [Robot Move](/solution/13_RobotMove) |
| 14 | [Cutting Rope](/solution/14_CuttingRope) |
| 15 | [Number Of 1 In Binary](/solution/15_NumberOf1InBinary) |
| 16 | [Power](/solution/16_Power) |
| 17 | [Print 1 To Max Of N Digits](/solution/17_Print1ToMaxOfNDigits) |
| 18_01 | [Delete Node In List](/solution/18_01_DeleteNodeInList) |
| 18_02 | [Delete Duplicated Node](/solution/18_02_DeleteDuplicatedNode) |
| 19 | [Regular Expressions Matching](/solution/19_RegularExpressionsMatching) |
| 20 | [Numeric Strings](/solution/20_NumericStrings) |
| 21 | [Reorder Array](/solution/21_ReorderArray) |
| 22 | [Kth Node From End](/solution/22_KthNodeFromEnd) |
| 23 | [Entry Node In List Loop](/solution/23_EntryNodeInListLoop) |
| 24 | [Reverse List](/solution/24_ReverseList) |
| 25 | [Merge Sorted Lists](/solution/25_MergeSortedLists) |
| 26 | [Substructure In Tree](/solution/26_SubstructureInTree) |
| 27 | [Mirror Of Binary Tree](/solution/27_MirrorOfBinaryTree) |
| 28 | [Symmetrical Binary Tree](/solution/28_SymmetricalBinaryTree) |
| 29 | [Print Matrix](/solution/29_PrintMatrix) |
| 30 | [Min In Stack](/solution/30_MinInStack) |
| 31 | [Stack Push Pop Order](/solution/31_StackPushPopOrder) |

## Reading List
- [ ] 《剑指 Offer》 190/355
- [ ] 《程序员代码面试指南——IT名企算法与数据结构题目最优解》
- [ ] 《Java 程序员面试笔试宝典》 67/349
- [ ] 《程序员面试金典》
- [ ] 《实战 Java 高并发程序设计》
- [ ] 《深入分析 Java Web 技术内幕》
- [ ] 《大型网站技术架构——核心原理与案例分析》
- [ ] 《高性能 MySQL》
- [ ] 《Redis 设计与实现》
- [ ] 《图解 HTTP》
- [ ] 《深入理解 Java 虚拟机》
- [ ] 《Effective Java 第二版》
- [ ] 《Java 编程思想》

Commit message:

feat(solution): add solution 32_01
Print tree from top to bottom

README.md, after:

# Coding Interviews

![doocs-yanglbme-collabocats](/img/github-doocs-yanglbme-collabocats.png)

## Q & A
### 剑指 Offer 题集
| # | Title |
|---|---|
| 03_01 | [Find Duplication In Array](/solution/03_01_DuplicationInArray) |
| 03_02 | [Find Duplication In Array II](/solution/03_02_DuplicationInArrayNoEdit) |
| 04 | [Find In Partially Sorted Matrix](/solution/04_FindInPartiallySortedMatrix) |
| 05 | [Replace Spaces](/solution/05_ReplaceSpaces) |
| 06 | [Print List In Reversed Order](/solution/06_PrintListInReversedOrder) |
| 07 | [Construct Binary Tree](/solution/07_ConstructBinaryTree) |
| 08 | [Next Node In Binary Trees](/solution/08_NextNodeInBinaryTrees) |
| 09_01 | [Queue With Two Stacks](/solution/09_01_QueueWithTwoStacks) |
| 09_02 | [Stack With Two Queues](/solution/09_02_StackWithTwoQueues) |
| 10_01 | [Fibonacci](/solution/10_01_Fibonacci) |
| 10_02 | [Jump Floor](/solution/10_02_JumpFloor) |
| 10_03 | [Jump Floor II](/solution/10_03_JumpFloorII) |
| 10_04 | [Rect Cover](/solution/10_04_RectCover) |
| 11 | [Min Number In Rotated Array](h/solution/11_MinNumberInRotatedArray) |
| 12 | [String Path In Matrix](/solution/12_StringPathInMatrix) |
| 13 | [Robot Move](/solution/13_RobotMove) |
| 14 | [Cutting Rope](/solution/14_CuttingRope) |
| 15 | [Number Of 1 In Binary](/solution/15_NumberOf1InBinary) |
| 16 | [Power](/solution/16_Power) |
| 17 | [Print 1 To Max Of N Digits](/solution/17_Print1ToMaxOfNDigits) |
| 18_01 | [Delete Node In List](/solution/18_01_DeleteNodeInList) |
| 18_02 | [Delete Duplicated Node](/solution/18_02_DeleteDuplicatedNode) |
| 19 | [Regular Expressions Matching](/solution/19_RegularExpressionsMatching) |
| 20 | [Numeric Strings](/solution/20_NumericStrings) |
| 21 | [Reorder Array](/solution/21_ReorderArray) |
| 22 | [Kth Node From End](/solution/22_KthNodeFromEnd) |
| 23 | [Entry Node In List Loop](/solution/23_EntryNodeInListLoop) |
| 24 | [Reverse List](/solution/24_ReverseList) |
| 25 | [Merge Sorted Lists](/solution/25_MergeSortedLists) |
| 26 | [Substructure In Tree](/solution/26_SubstructureInTree) |
| 27 | [Mirror Of Binary Tree](/solution/27_MirrorOfBinaryTree) |
| 28 | [Symmetrical Binary Tree](/solution/28_SymmetricalBinaryTree) |
| 29 | [Print Matrix](/solution/29_PrintMatrix) |
| 30 | [Min In Stack](/solution/30_MinInStack) |
| 31 | [Stack Push Pop Order](/solution/31_StackPushPopOrder) |
| 32_01 | [Print Tree From Top To Bottom](/solution/32_01_PrintTreeFromTopToBottom) |

## Reading List
- [ ] 《剑指 Offer》 190/355
- [ ] 《程序员代码面试指南——IT名企算法与数据结构题目最优解》
- [ ] 《Java 程序员面试笔试宝典》 67/349
- [ ] 《程序员面试金典》
- [ ] 《实战 Java 高并发程序设计》
- [ ] 《深入分析 Java Web 技术内幕》
- [ ] 《大型网站技术架构——核心原理与案例分析》
- [ ] 《高性能 MySQL》
- [ ] 《Redis 设计与实现》
- [ ] 《图解 HTTP》
- [ ] 《深入理解 Java 虚拟机》
- [ ] 《Effective Java 第二版》
- [ ] 《Java 编程思想》
